README.rst, before:

===========
Land of C++
===========

Land of C++ is a collection of tutorials designed to learn C++ through the
development of old-school yet terribly entertaining, text-based games.

Several tutorial have been designed with care (and love <3), in an increasing
level of difficulty. Each tutorial contains a compilable skeleton file with the
game description, and a Makefile to get you started. The makefile contains the
typical ``all``, ``clean`` and ``check`` rules so that you won't loose time
setting up a minimalist build environment. When lost, ``cd`` to the solution
directory!

Available Tutorials:

:verywow: Wow! Very funny! So smart!

:asciify: Turn regular images into ASCII art!

:dancedance: The text version of the famous dance dance game! Dance Dance
             Fingers /(^_^)/

:closest_to_average: Arguably a game, but still an interesting tutorial :-$

:waldo: ASCII art version of the famous Where is Waldo game.

:rpsls: Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock.

:ricochet_robot: An adaptation from the eponymous board game. Make your robots
                 bump!

:orc: Fight a growing number of enemies, level up and all over again.

Happy coding!

Commit message:

Add reference to en.cppreference.com
credits to F. Dagnat!

README.rst, after:

===========
Land of C++
===========

Land of C++ is a collection of tutorials designed to learn C++ through the
development of old-school yet terribly entertaining, text-based games.

Several tutorial have been designed with care (and love <3), in an increasing
level of difficulty. Each tutorial contains a compilable skeleton file with the
game description, a reference to useful functions to complete the game (see http://en.cppreference.com for their description!) and a Makefile to get you started. The makefile contains the
typical ``all``, ``clean`` and ``check`` rules so that you won't loose time
setting up a minimalist build environment. When lost, ``cd`` to the solution
directory!

Available Tutorials:

:verywow: Wow! Very funny! So smart!

:asciify: Turn regular images into ASCII art!

:dancedance: The text version of the famous dance dance game! Dance Dance
             Fingers /(^_^)/

:closest_to_average: Arguably a game, but still an interesting tutorial :-$

:waldo: ASCII art version of the famous Where is Waldo game.

:rpsls: Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock.

:ricochet_robot: An adaptation from the eponymous board game. Make your robots
                 bump!

:orc: Fight a growing number of enemies, level up and all over again.

Happy coding!
